cats are carnivores their natural diet
is raw meat bones and all in nature cats
eat their prey whole they also have very
strong stomach acids as well as very
short digestive tracts that are made to
efficiently process raw meat and bone
I started making raw food for my cats
over ten years ago as my vet tells me
every time we visit my ten year old cat
acts like a kitten I attribute this to
her raw food diet to make raw cat food
you'll need the following ingredients
three pounds of ground muscle meat a
quarter pound of raw chicken or turkey
liver a quarter pound of raw boneless
chicken thighs 2 cups filtered water
pour taurine capsules
4 tablespoons human grade bone meal
which means that humans can eat it 2
tablespoons unflavored gelatin 4 egg
yolks 4 salmon oil capsules at 4,000
milligrams
1/2 teaspoon each pulse and kelp seaweed
to be complex capsules 800 IU vitamin E
and 4 glandular capsules
first cut the whole chicken thighs and
whole liver into small chunks
then mix it with the ground dark turkey
next separate the eggs and add the egg
yolks to two cups of filtered water
after mixing the egg yolks and water mix
it together with the rest of the dry
ingredients
add the vitamin mixture to the meat and
mix well
once you've finished mixing divide the
food into serving packages and fries one
serving for a normal sized cat equals
about one cup per day which can be
divided up into 1/2 cup servings in the
morning and in the evening that's how
you make raw food for your cat I hope
you and your cats reap the benefits that
mine have enjoyed through eating a raw
food diet for more information about
feeding your cats raw food visit the
following excellent websites
you